fix: fire onError for errors already present in initial router state (#14942)
remix-run/react-router: .changeset/fix-onerror-initial-errors.md

---
"react-router": patch
---

> Fix onError callback not being called for errors already present in initial router state

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fix `RouterProvider` `onError` callback not being called for synchronous initial loader errors in SPA mode
```
